[ Wind Whistling ]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[ Man ]
Viewer beware.
You're in for a scare.
Goosebumps.
- Time to go, honey.
- Whatever.
I bet you're gonna get
to play today.
Yeah, right.
[ Door Shuts ]
Matthew Erikson's up at bat.
Bottom of the 9th:
2 on, 2 out.
Erikson steps to the plate.
Pitcher winds up
and it's a long fly ball.
This one has a chance.
It's going, it's going,
it's gone!
The tigers win the championship!
The crowd is going wild!
- [ Whooping ]
- Ready?
Uh, yeah. Sure.
[ Crowd Cheering ]
[ All Cheering ]
- All right! All right! Evans.
- [ Crowd Whooping ]
2 on, 2 outs.
You're up.
Now, you're the tying run,
all right?
You bring us home.
Wait for your pitch now.
Have an eye in there.
Have an eye.
Wait for your pitch, now.
It's gonna come to you.
Your pitch will come to you.
- Time out.
- Time.
[ Crowd Cheering ]
Erikson hasn't played.
He's still on the bench.
The rules clearly state
all boys must get into at least
- one game each season.
- Come on.
It's not just about winning.
Our job is to provide
an opportunity for all the boys.
What?
This is a community league.
Let the kid play.
If I do that, we lose.
If you don't,
you forfeit the game.
Play ball.
Evans, sit down.
- But I'm the star.
- Now!
Erikson.
Grab a bat. You're up.
- Me?
- [ All ] What?
You're in the game.
Let's go.
- Come on. You can do it.
- [ Player ] What's coach doing?
And Erikson, do me a favor.
Close your eyes.
Maybe you'll get lucky.
[ Crowd Murmuring ]
[ Man ]
Hit the ball, buddy. Come on.
Just keep your eye on the ball, Matt.
It's your pitch.
- [ All Clapping ]
- Come on!
Hey, Erikson, this is a ball.
The object of the game is to hit it.
- I know how to play.
- You just never get to.
Strike!
- Come on, Matt, you can do it.
- Come on. Think big, Matt.
OK. OK.
[ All Clamoring ]
- [ Exclaims ]
- [ Crowd Groans ]
Just keep your eye on the ball, Matt.
Hit your pitch.
Pack up the gear.
It's over.
[ Crowd Chattering ]
[ Umpire ]
Strike 3. Batter's out.
[ Crowd Cheering ]
[ Crowd Whistling ]
It's ok, boys. It's all right.
You almost nailed that last one, Matt.
If you'd connected,
the ball would've gone a mile.
Yeah, the keyword is connect.
You were great, honey.
You really gave it your best shot.
Can we just go?
[ All Chattering ]
Todd, throw that junk mail
away and finish your dinner.
It's not junk.
Thousands of people
enter these contests.
Somebody's gotta win.
One day it'll be me.
[ Scratching ]
- May I be excused, please.
- Try and eat something.
But I'm not hungry.
Yeah, go ahead.
- [ Knocking On Door ]
- [ Dad ] Can I come in?
Yeah.
Hey.
Hey, you know, I'm proud of you.
- For what?
- For tryin'.
Oh, look, Matthew,
I know you're disappointed.
- But you got in there.
- Right.
Look, your, uh,
Mom's rented a video.
Why don't you come downstairs?
No, I think I'm just gonna stay here.
OK.
You know, Matthew,
there are a lot of things
that you are good at.
Baseball's not the most
important thing in the world.
[ Announcer ]
And now up to bat, Matthew Erikson.
[ Voices Chanting ]
Matthew! Matthew!
"Karlsville League.
It's a whole new ball game."
Matthew! Matthew! Matthew!
[ Grunts ]
[ Karl ]
Glad you could make it.
We are about ready to play ball.
You ready?
- Me?
- You're dressed for it.
But I was just standing in my room.
Looking at this miniature field.
That's why they call it little league.
- So you're on my team or what?
- Team?
Where am I?
Karlsville.
Home of the Karlsville Crunchers.
Tonight's the big game.
Everyone's come out to watch.
- I don't see anybody.
- Believe me, they're here.
I need a batter.
And you, you're up.
- I'm starting?
- Of course.
You are the star.
You're the man.
You are the franchise, baby!
I never start. I mean,
I don't even have a glove.
You don't need a glove.
In Karlsville,
it's a whole new ball game.
Batter up!
[ Voices Cheering ]
It's a beautiful night for a game.
The fans are out,
the players ready.
It's game time!
But first,
- our national anthem.
- # Karlsville #
# Karlsville #
# Though you may be small #
# We especially love you #
# Karl #
[ Voices Cheering ]
[ Sniffling ]
It gets me every time.
You're in the game, kid.
The fans are waiting.
Remember, the object
of the game is to get home.
I know how to play.
We'll see.
- Play ball!
- [ Gasps ]
W-where are the other players?
Don't worry about them.
Worry about yourself.
Well, how am I supposed
to hit without a...
[ Buzzer Sounding ]
[ Gasping ]
Batter up!
[ Announcer ]
Matthew Erikson.
He's ready for the first pitch.
Strike 1.
[ Voices Cheering ]
Strike 2.
It's 0 and 2 to Erikson.
If I know this pitcher,
we can expect a change-up.
I can hit that.
[ Announcer ]
He got over that one.
- Run!
- [ Voices Cheering ]
Dig! Dig!
Erikson, havin' a little trouble
gettin' down the line.
- [ Grunts ]
- Erikson made it to first.
Only 3 more bases to go.
[ Gasps ]
[ Clapping ]
What--
What kind of game is this?
The game of your life, kid.
- You're tryin' to hurt me.
- Quit whining.
No wonder
you never get to play.
All you gotta do is get home.
Now take a lead.
[ Announcer ]
Erikson takes it cautiously.
- And I can't say I blame him.
- Don't get picked off.
[ Sniffs ]
[ Yells ]
Come on.
[ Groaning ]
Step right up, beat the boy
and win a prize.
[ Voices Chattering ]
Oh!
- [ Grunting ]
- Is this exciting or is this exciting?
Hey, remember,
a fan can keep any ball
that goes into the stands
as a souvenir.
[ Yelling ]
Get off the bag.
Be aggressive.
You're almost home.
No way.
I'm stayin' right here.
[ Voices Booing ]
I'm not gettin' off.
This is the only safe place
around here.
Wrong.
Hey! Whoa. Whoa.
[ Voices Whistling ]
[ Voices ]
Matthew! Matthew! Matthew!
Matthew! Matthew!
Whoa!
Whoa! Whoa!
Help!
Someone! Please!
- [ Voices Chattering ]
- Take your time.
[ Bubbling ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Grunting ]
- You're safe for now.
- Whoa!
[ Karl Laughing ]
Why don't you just let me go home?
Sure, it's only 90 feet away.
You think you can steal it.
Watch my signs.
You prefer the squeeze play
or the sacrifice.
What kind of baseball game
is it with only one player?
An entertaining baseball game.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You want some more players?
- [ Grunting ]
- [ Announcer ] And at 3rd base, herve,
- the squirrel.
- [ Voices Cheering ]
And now, catching
for the Karlsville Crunchers,
Herb "Hungry" Underman.
- [ Growling ]
- Play ball.
[ Voices Chattering ]
[ Growling ]
Gettin' a little bit run-down?
[ Man's Voice ]
Whoo-hoo!
Erikson's, uh, caught in a pickle.
Hey, what a good idea.
[ Gasps ]
[ Matthew Grunting ]
[ Voices Laughing ]
[ Panting ]
Erikson looks like he's in trouble.
He has no choice.
He's gonna have to drive it in big.
- Slide!
- [ Creature Growling ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Yelling ]
[ Grunting ]
[ Panting ]
Get away!
Ahh!
Oh!
[ Sighs ]
[ Birds Chirping ]
- [ Knocking On Door ]
- [ Gasping ]
- [ Knocking Continues ]
- [ Sighs ]
Jessica Walters came by
to see you, Matthew.
Huh?
Have fun.
- What do you want?
- [ Sighing ] Listen,
I've come by to talk
about these baseball cards.
I...
[ Gasps ]
What is that doing here?
Then it wasn't a dream.
- You got sucked in, too?
- Yes, and it was horrible.
And--
And I almost didn't make it back.
We've got to destroy
this thing right away.
Hey, no kidding.
Hey, my dad's got a hammer
and tools in the garage.
Let's do it.
Wow!
"Todd Erikson,
you're the grand prize winner.
Send this to Karlsville
to claim your prize."
Where's Karlsville?
Special delivery.
We have a winner.
Captioned by Grant Brown
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org